Yo, Xeno.
I knew I'd find you here.
Good news.
The New World has its first guest.
Just like Senku-chan.
No, not at all.
He's a grown-up.
He's seriously a professional...
scientist.
What is that tall, slender bar?
Damn, those guys are making something.
Using science.
I need to get as much info as I can on
the enemy and inform Senku's team.
Actually...
Where's Gen?
I guess he managed to infiltrate their base.
Knowing that vapid man,
he'll have managed to schmooze them.
I doubt he's messed it up.
He's the most trustworthy liar in the world.
Blabbidy boo.
Is he a liar or is he trustworthy? Which is it?
Do you hear me, Perseus?
We just had a change of plans, and we need to—
You can stop right there.
Huh? Eh?
Right. We're on radio.
The enemy are scientists, too.
There's a good chance they're eavesdropping.
That's true. They seemed to be one
step ahead of us all the time.
The enemy knows Japanese.
At least, that should be our assumption.
Tell us as simply as possible.
What's the situation?
Who's there with you?
It's just me and Koha—a woman.
A: Gen's been abducted by the enemy.
B: Gen is infiltrating the enemy,
pretending to have betrayed us.
It's B.
You can trust a sailor's instincts.
Instincts have nothing to do with it.
That's ten billion percent the case.
Boop.
You're hanging up already?!
They'll figure out where the
radio signal's coming from
if we stay on the line too long.
We don't know how advanced their science is.
This is nothing like any
of our previous battles.
Science has always been our advantage.
But this time, they might surpass us.
So it's a hardcore battle between science users.
This is exhilarating.
Damn it.
What the hell are you doing?
Chrome, what are you, an idiot?
Didn't I tell you not to ca—
Ah, hey there.
I see.
So this is your frequency.
This is how you stay in touch.
Nice to meet you, Youth Kingdom of Science.
They made contact with us!
So you're the bad guy!
I like your grit.
I apologize for my poor Japanese,
but this isn't something I can
explain to any ordinary idiot.
I'm Doctor Xeno.
I want to talk to your science leader.
Connect me to Doctor Taiju.
Doctor Taiju?
Uh-huh, that's Gen for you.
He set up our toughest guy to be the decoy.
He's supposed to be the
science users' bodyguard.
Makes sense.
What?! I am?!
In that case, I'll fight in our stead!
Do we need the costume?
Isn't it a voice call?
It's always important to get in the spirit.
Taiju here.
Doctor Taiju.
Doctor Xeno-san, was it?
There's something I want to tell you!
Listen up!
Shooting people out of the blue
with a machine gun is wrong!
Well, yeah.
Hey there. Sorry about my soldier, Stanley.
I just wanted you to see...
that you're no match for our science.
Doctor Taiju, as a man of science,
I'm sure you understand just as well
what that means.
We've already completed our Haber-Bosch plant.
What?!
H-Harvard what?
Good work, Doctor Xeno!
Impressive!
Quit running your mouth, damn it!
You're gonna give away the game!
What's this Haber-whatsit?
Haber-Bosch plant.
An ammonia chemical factory.
Simply put...
Steel
Water
Air
Coal
Copper
Nitric Acid
Sulfur
Charcoal
Ammonia
Platinum
Corn
Nitrocellulose
Ammunition
It can create not just a ton,
but limitless gunpowder—
in other words, ammo.
I see!
In other words, you can use your
machine gun as much as you like!
Is that what you're trying to tell me?
You're definitely quick
to catch on, Doctor Taiju.
Made it sound like you already knew that!
Taiju-kun might be quite the actor.
I think he's just a simpleton.
We're a group of grown-up professionals.
We aren't like you happy little boys.
I want you to surrender without
causing a fuss and work for us.
That's all we ask.
We have a lack of manpower, you see.
What the hell is he talking about?
Lack of manpower?
There are plenty of statues lying
around for him to revive.
In other words, they don't
know about the revival fluid.
Am I right?
That's one thing that doesn't quite fit
in the framework of existing science.
Those who maintained consciousness
for the thousands of years after being
petrified can be revived with nitric acid.
We are the chosen ones who were
able to accomplish just that.
It seems implausible that the dozens
of you kids are all such heroes.
How did you awaken the statues?
W-Well...
The revival fluid is our only advantage.
Don't hand it over to them.
These people fired a machine gun at us on sight.
They'll mow us down with a giant
army the moment we tell them.
Yeah, they have the capacity to make a
shit ton as soon as they find our recipe.
Nitric acid at the factory. Alcohol from corn.
Which also means if we can grab that,
we automatically have our Corn City.
We get our billions of people's
worth of revival fluid.
We won't tell you about the revival fluid!
Request denied!
I see.
Then the negotiation has failed.
How unfortunate.
Th-There's trouble!
That plane thing is coming back!
Wow, that's a pretty big sailboat.
They've found us!
The location of the Perseus and all!
The enemy had more planes?!
Why did you assume they'd only have one?
It's a scout plane this time.
Looks like we can't expect them to risk flying
as low as they did for the river chase again.
We can't reach them with
our spears or bows, then!
How are we going to fight
against a plane, Senku?
We have our own plane.
The one they gifted us.
I fixed it all up!
How could I not get excited
about this amazing machine?!
But how are we going to take off?
Unlike the enemy, we don't have a runway.
That's why we're making one.
Where?!
Right here.
We're making a carrier!
Operation "Mod the Perseus" begins!
Here we go!
A-An aircraft carrier?
All right! Let's get a handle on the situation.
Here we go again with squeaky-clean Magma.
He's talking way too properly, too. It's weird.
Eat it. Shut up and listen, or I'll kill you.
You're right back to your
normal self in five seconds!
You could have tried a bit harder!
I'll beat the shit out of that Doctor Xeno dude!
We're here for corn!
And that guy has it, doesn't he?
Let's finish the job!
Off
You mean finish off Xeno?!
What I want right now, Yo,
is that gun on your waist.
He hasn't just lost his mind!
This is a proper plan!
We can just whack him ourselves...
And we'll be remembered for
generations as heroes and saviors!
Heroes
Time to go hunt down Xeno!
No way...
What kind of idiot thinks it's a good
idea to charge into a machine gun?!
We've got our own gun!
They have ten billion orders of
magnitude more firepower than you.
Although, if they have the
patience to wait for us
to build our own gunpowder
factory, then sure, maybe.
Let's get a handle on the situation.
It's the same line as Magma's,
and yet it's so much more trustworthy!
It looks like a board game!
Are we playing a game now?
Kohaku
Xeno
me
Gen
A strategy meeting.
Yeah.
Let's first clarify where we and the enemy are.
Right now, we're here.
Do we know the enemy position?
Yeah.
I'd say we have their rough distance based
on the angle and timing of Chrome's signal.
They're around here somewhere.
Which means the enemy is right near by.
Incredibly clear.
B-But they know where we are, too, right?
Don't you think we should
take the Perseus and flee?
As long as they have patrol
planes, there's no point.
If anything, we'll lose our ability to
run to land as soon as we retreat to sea.
I know, right?
That's what I was actually thinking, too.
Hyoga, what would you do if you
were the enemy, Doctor Xeno?
I'd make a pirate ship.
Assuming the enemy is proper, that is.
I would not be contested in firepower,
so I would approach in a small
high-speed boat and quickly take over.
A large ship would have no chance to escape.
The same tactic as modern pirates.
The scout plane has determined
exactly where our Perseus is.
I'd also attack from the sky.
No matter how capable we may
be in close-quarters combat,
we can't fly.
They have absolute air
superiority in this battle.
We aren't going to win.
Precisely!
In other words, to combat a plane,
we need a dogfight!
An aerial duel!
A d-dogfight?!
And to that end...
We're making the Perseus carrier!
All hands, get this thing built ASAP!
Wow...
They're really building a runway on the deck.
Will we really be able to take off from here?
An ultralight plane only needs
20 meters to take off.
Yup.
And for the landing, we'll grab it with a wire.
Just like a real aircraft carrier.
More than enough!
Who do you think the pilot's gonna be?
We're modding the plane itself, too.
It'll be stupid fast compared
to building it from scratch.
Seriously, your eyes!
It only took you five seconds
to lose your poker face!
You were just looking for an excuse
to build a carrier, weren't you?!
Since we're driving the plane on wood planks,
we're starting by switching
to good ol' bamboo wheels.
Got it!
You brought all that bamboo from Japan?
Yeah.
Bamboo is the one OP material
advantage that we have over them.
That's right.
There's no bamboo in the US.
So that's why they use these
glass skis instead of wheels.
Skis give them a chance to maybe land
outside their runway in the corn fields.
They've thought this through.
They took their lack of materials
as an opportunity to add more.
Our enemy is pretty clever—
this Doctor Xeno!
What's wrong, Ryusui?
Well...
Assuming Doctor Xeno is so clever, as a pilot,
I recognize that scout plane's flight pattern.
It was intimidating us,
letting us know there's nowhere to hide.
That or they're trying to pin us down here.
You can always trust a sailor's instincts!
They won't be escaping.
The scout plane made sure of that.
So you hunted them down with the plane
so you could suppress them by force?
The smarter the kids are,
the more they'll be petrified in fear of that.
But I think we should take a
slightly more elegant approach.
We'll pin them down and
assassinate the enemy scientist.
A-A-Assassinate?!
According to that gentleman, Mr. Gen,
there's only one OP scientist.
In other words, in order to bring
down the Youth Kingdom of Science...
we need only to erase their leader,
Doctor Taiju.
That's a legit good idea!
B-B-But can you really pull that off?
We can.
How?
I can.
Oh, Mr. Gen, if Stan says he can do it,
you have no reason to ask him anything else.
It can be done.
I'm so sorry, Taiju-chan.
Gen-kun, Chrome-kun, Kohaku-kun...
Abandon all of that and forfeit the corn,
and we'll be saved should we
escape into the open seas.
No way we'd ever do that!
I figured as much.
But the enemy doesn't know that.
That's our situation.
So they should be attacking us soon.
In that case, why not save them
the trouble and strike them first?
We'll send a special squad to capture
the enemy's science source, Doctor Xeno.
On the team will be...
Tsukasa, Hyoga, Ukyo, and...
Suika.
Neither side can move its base.
Nowhere to run.
Barricaded by science.
This is a real fistfight, isn't it?
There's a chance...
that both sides have each other in check.
It's a Kingdom of Science versus
a Kingdom of Science
standoff!
Next Episode
This is a work of fiction, but the plants,
animals, and production methods described are based on reality.
Foraging and making things on your own accord is extremely dangerous
and, in some cases, illegal. Please do not imitate without expertise.